Add initial governance guidelines (#1372)
cartography-cncf/cartography: GOVERNANCE.md

# Process for becoming a maintainer
Generally, express interest. This usually includes things like:
- Contributing 2+ PRs to Cartography.
- Regularly participating in discussion on GitHub, on Slack, or in our live video meetings.

# Maintainer responsibilities
- Hang out on Slack; delayed response is perfectly acceptable
- Triage GitHub issues and perform pull request reviews for other maintainers and the community.
- Deeply understand the project's best practices and development patterns.

# When does a maintainer lose maintainer status

> - If a maintainer is no longer interested or cannot perform the maintainer duties listed above, they should volunteer to be moved to emeritus status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a maintainer is no longer interested or cannot perform the maintainer duties listed above, they should volunteer to be moved to the list of emeritus maintainers.
```
